README.md, before:

# Laravel GitScrum

GitScrum is a Laravel 5.3 application to helps teams use Git version control and the Scrum framework in the support for day-to-day task management.

## Instalation

#### Fork the GitScrum

Make a fork and after clone the git repository

```
git clone git@github.com/xxxxxxx/xxx.git
```

Go to the project folder

```
cd GitScrum
```

Update composer 

```
composer update
```


#### GitHub

First, create a new github app, visit [GitHub's New OAuth Application page](https://github.com/settings/applications/new), fill out the form, and grab your client ID, secret and callback URL.

```
Application name: gitscrum
Homepage URL: URL
Application description: gitscrum
Authorization callback URL: http://URL/auth/github/callback
```
Finally fill the informations in the .env file

```
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=XXXXX
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

#### Database

Fill the information in the .env file

```
DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=XXXXXX
DB_PORT=3306
DB_DATABASE=XXXXX
DB_USERNAME=XXXX
DB_PASSWORD=XXXXX
```

and after run the command

```
php artisan migrate --seed
```

![Screenshot 1](http://i.imgur.com/zdrEkkf.png)
27 tables

## Screnshots

![Screenshot 0](http://i.imgur.com/ilTVf38.png)

![Screenshot 1](http://i.imgur.com/FI30wl5.png)

![Screenshot 2](http://i.imgur.com/pMZuwH0.png)

![Screenshot 3](http://i.imgur.com/pRByX5K.png)

![Screenshot 4](http://i.imgur.com/mgJGNlA.png)

![Screenshot 5](http://i.imgur.com/isbTvHr.png)

![Screenshot 6](http://i.imgur.com/BIZtoq4.png)

![Screenshot 7](http://i.imgur.com/xnJeaIq.png)

## License

The GitScrum is licensed under the [GPL v3 license](http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0).

## Do you need help?
Renato Marinho: 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/renato.marinho / 
LinkedIn: https://pt.linkedin.com/in/renatomarinho13 / 
Skype: renatomarinho13

Commit message:

Information to use Docker with GitScrum

README.md, after:

# Laravel GitScrum

GitScrum is a Laravel 5.3 application to helps teams use Git version control and the Scrum framework in the support for day-to-day task management.

## Instalation

#### Fork the GitScrum

Make a fork and after clone the git repository

```
git clone git@github.com/xxxxxxx/xxx.git
```

Go to the project folder

```
cd GitScrum
```

Update composer 

```
composer update
```


#### GitHub

First, create a new github app, visit [GitHub's New OAuth Application page](https://github.com/settings/applications/new), fill out the form, and grab your client ID, secret and callback URL.

```
Application name: gitscrum
Homepage URL: URL
Application description: gitscrum
Authorization callback URL: http://URL/auth/github/callback
```
Finally fill the informations in the .env file

```
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=XXXXX
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

#### Database

Fill the information in the .env file

```
DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=XXXXXX
DB_PORT=3306
DB_DATABASE=XXXXX
DB_USERNAME=XXXX
DB_PASSWORD=XXXXX
```

and after run the command

```
php artisan migrate --seed
```

![Screenshot 1](http://i.imgur.com/zdrEkkf.png)
27 tables

## Use Docker
Containers to run GitScrum : [php7, nginx and mysql57](https://github.com/renatomarinho/Docker-GitScrum)

## Screnshots

![Screenshot 0](http://i.imgur.com/ilTVf38.png)

![Screenshot 1](http://i.imgur.com/FI30wl5.png)

![Screenshot 2](http://i.imgur.com/pMZuwH0.png)

![Screenshot 3](http://i.imgur.com/pRByX5K.png)

![Screenshot 4](http://i.imgur.com/mgJGNlA.png)

![Screenshot 5](http://i.imgur.com/isbTvHr.png)

![Screenshot 6](http://i.imgur.com/BIZtoq4.png)

![Screenshot 7](http://i.imgur.com/xnJeaIq.png)

## License

The GitScrum is licensed under the [GPL v3 license](http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0).

## Do you need help?
Renato Marinho: 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/renato.marinho / 
LinkedIn: https://pt.linkedin.com/in/renatomarinho13 / 
Skype: renatomarinho13
